Cloud changelog Jan 12 (#4220)
mattermost/docs: source/cloud/cloud-administration/cloud-changelog.md

This changelog summarizes updates to [Mattermost Cloud](https://mattermost.com/get-started/), an enterprise-grade SaaS offering hosted by Mattermost.

## Release 2021-01-12

### Highlights
 - Pre-packaged and pre-installed Mattermost Incident Management v1.2.0.

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - Changed the number of file attachments allowed per post, from 5 to 10.

>  - Enabled the More options menu on channels in the new sidebar to move multi-selected groups of channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Enabled the **More options** menu on channels in the new sidebar to move multi-selected groups of channels.
```

>  - Enabled the **More options** menu on channels in the new sidebar to move multi-selected groups of channels.

Author: @andrewbrown00 Would something like this work better:

"Added support for multi-selecting channels via the **More options** menu in the channel sidebar to be able to move multi-selected groups of channels to a category."

Reviewer: @amyblais - Was multi-select channel support in LHS added to a previous Cloud release changelog? I'm documenting this functionality for release v5.31, which suggests to me that it's already released for Cloud.

@amyblais - I'd avoid a statement that implies that selecting multiple channels at a time is something that happens through the **More options** menu. Instead, I'd recommend something along the lines of:

"Added support to move multi-selected groups of channels to another category via the **More options** menu.

Thoughts?

Author: Yes, I see, multi-selection in the changelog for the previous versioning: https://docs.mattermost.com/cloud/cloud-administration/cloud-changelog.html.

In that case your suggestion for wording makes sense, thanks!

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the quick feedback and suggestions here 🙂 

@amyblais let's go with @cwarnermm's suggestion:

> Added support to move multi-selected groups of channels to another category via the More options menu.

This changelog summarizes updates to [Mattermost Cloud](https://mattermost.com/get-started/), an enterprise-grade SaaS offering hosted by Mattermost.

## Release 2021-01-12

### Highlights
 - Pre-packaged and pre-installed the Incident Management v1.2.0.

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - Changed number of files allowed per post, from 5 to 10.

>  - Enabled the 3-dot menu on channels in the new sidebar to move multi-selected groups of channels.

Reviewer 3: @andrewbrown00 may have some input on this as well.

>  - Enabled the 3-dot menu on channels in the new sidebar to move multi-selected groups of channels.

Reviewer 2: Hi @cwarnermm, we can refer to it as the **More options** icon. We can also consider introducing images in the documentation to have a supporting visual.

**Example**
Enabled the **More options** ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/48559658/103927420-51351480-50e8-11eb-9cba-4fdb0181b072.png) menu on channels...

 
#### Administration
 - Bumped the Go version to v1.15.5.
 - Added support for automatic installation and enabling of plugins using feature flags.
 - Added ``webhook create`` endpoints to local mode and the ability to create webhooks for other users.
 - Added a mattermost command to initialize the database.
 - Enabled ``ExperimentalDataPrefetch`` for all servers and removed the corresponding setting.
 - Added support for processing import files through the API.
 - Added support for protocol relative URLs while using the Image Proxy.
 - Added shared channels and ``remote_cluster_service`` under a license check.
 - A Striped LRU cache is now used by default.

### Bug Fixes

>  - Fixed an issue where the permissions of a System Role got deleted when changing the access level to any permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where the permissions of a System Admin Role got deleted when changing the access level to any permission.
```

>  - Fixed an issue where editing a ``/me`` post behaved differently in Webapp and Mobile App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where editing a ``/me`` post behaved differently within the Mattermost Web App and the Mobile App.
```

>  - Fixed an issue where the hover state did not span the whole width of the left-hand side on category headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where the hover state on category headers did not span the whole width of the left-hand navigation.
```

 - Fixed an issue where plugins on the left-hand side of the System Console were sorted differently than the ones in the Plugin Management page.

>  - Fixed an issue where 15-character team names were truncated when the experimental sidebar was enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where 15-character team names were truncated when the experimental channel sidebar was enabled.
```

>  - Fixed an issue where the sidebar menus weren't styled correctly on mobile web view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where the sidebar menus weren't styled correctly in the Mattermost Mobile App.
```

>  - Fixed an issue where jumping into an archive channel and clicking to jump to recent messages sent the user out of the archived channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where jumping into an archive channel and clicking the link to jump to recent messages sent the user out of the archived channel.
```

>  - Fixed an issue where the tooltip text for copying an incoming webhook url was unclear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Fixed an issue where the tooltip text for copying an incoming webhook URL was unclear.
```
